before we begin let me start by singing
let's discuss this fine ladies apparel
of this opening scene it is not in this
area referred to as a muumuu it is a
gown
it may be worn anytime morning noon or
night which is why we also do not refer
to it as a nightgown maybe even one to
church on Sunday morning if your
grandmom was too tired to put on her
Sunday best and you just sit in the pew
praying this long enough that if she
gets filled with the Holy Ghost that
thing don't fly up and show the whole
flock her muumuu Cameron stop mrs. Bing
and the game over man man please our
story begins in June 1969 co-writer with
old buck while he and his wife puddin
trying to save Joe Joe and Toto and
ain't nobody here blessing two rings
down in Oklahoma hi mama looks an awful
lot like my grandmama and my stepmama
who may or may not be the same person
what here you can see why the girl must
be long because you don't want this
thing to fly up because if it does
you're gonna wish that tornado it took
killing us and down here in the cellar
which we all should have down here but
most of us can't afford so we just stand
out on our front porch chill and hit our
neighbors life it sure is nice out here
well somebody garbage can't get blowed
over and you laugh because you know
somebody's baby diaper go end up it's
somebody gotten on the nice side of town
and on this rare occasion our daddy in
the South get taken away by a tornado
instead of just not coming back from the
stove fast forward to the present day
see houses right there and wow these
graphics aren't really really bad out
here among all the miles of nothing
bill played by Bill and his fictional
vampire of a girlfriend on their way to
meet his emotional vampire other wife
her name is Joe as in the same Joe with
Mama puddin and daddy buck who was
slipped up by that f5 tornado faster
than mama puddin could slurp gravy up
with a biscuit Joe has a band of social
a distance socially rejected miss
friends bill breaks the bad news to Joe
that he's getting remarried and she
needs to hand over their divorce papers
in a quickness and Joe Joe's welcome to
Belle's fiance like hi
I'm Joe and Bill's fiance is like Joe ho
and Joe's like Joe worst nightmare and
Bill's fiance henceforth referred to as
dr. Melissa Reeves is like bail make the
bits and the paper boots surprise Joe
has four of Bill's babies Dorothy
Dorothy jr. Dorothy the third and
Dorothy's the fourth which are all
equipped with flashing lights and sirens
so when you put one of them she's in the
way of a tornado and somebody comes up
on it who didn't otherwise see the big
spinning cloud of death doom and
destruction dropping down on that says
Dorothy or junior or the third or the
Falls can flash and scream as if to say
move [ __ ] get out the way and they find
out you're NATO about to blow us some
trails somewhere or something and they
take off and dammit Jill worst nightmare
never gave dr. Melissa Ricci on say the
bloomin divorce papers and Bill's like
once I catch you up with a llama hook up
with Joe worst nightmare I mean get it
divorce papers signed and you take my
dodging get the [ __ ] out of Dodge
and she's like now honey I think
spending a day with your crazy wife will
be good for our relationship
I won't take long didn't they see Bill's
arrival Jonas Miller who specializes in
corporate butt-kissing and dr. Melissa
Reeves is like honey his diet and Bill's
like if a piece of tuchus and that's
wanting to get rich chasing tornadoes
him didn't stop to take us and bill
finds out Jonah stole his idea for
Dorothy and named her do tea don't doubt
what a girl he got when bill sees you
stole his idea he gonna get hot and then
inside dr. Melissa Reeve says I know
what you're thinking you're thinking
bill still wants getting Joe pants
[Music]
there's another tornado blowing over
some old trailer somewhere or something
and nothing lemonade damn it
middle of a spat where bill tries to
show Joel sighs his balls and Billy Joe
almost dad but didn't they don't and dr.
Melissa Reeves almost dad's but did she
don't and everybody's worried but Joe
don't gush
so they take the Dodge and load her up
with Dalton jr. and dr. Melissa Reeves
is like you gon go chasing you another
one at that first one almost ripped you
it's a new wind tunnel then another
tornado blowing over some old trailer
somewhere or something and then I almost
died and then they don't and everybody's
like you know who lives near here Joe
and then they go see Joe on and your
uncle's them up a mess of something but
did she don't make no pudding because
she don't want her to my joy of her dead
mama they buried her in her gown puddin
bill another tornado blowing over some
old trailer somewhere or something and I
just want y'all to know this is the
coolest shot you ever gonna see of a
small southern town but this sprayer all
they're gonna do is make your sneeze
stick your head out the window and
breathing y'all don't be picking falling
boogers to the cows come home and then
the crop duster comes she can't even go
outside can cornfields next time you go
for your fruit fruit coffee with some
cold therapy sweden's remember everybody
down here now she's had to suffer for it
and then elbows dad and then they don't
but does the junior takes a final trip
down the yellow brick road and then make
a little stop at a motel connected to a
drive-in theater there another tornado
blowing over some old trailer somewhere
or something and intervals Jack and you
need jump then dr. Melissa Reeves is
like Bill I love you but I just can't
live up to Joe tornado fetish I may not
be a smart woman but I know what love is
[Music]
so we get the word - and Meg's in the
path of another tornado blowing over
some old trailer somewhere or something
and Joe sees the ghost of Mama's muumuus
past and then Joe almost dies and this
she don't and then Joe aren't dog almost
dies and did it don't
there's no tornado blowing over some old
trailer somewhere or something then they
decorate all the little Dulce balls with
pinwheels and then Elmo's dad and then
they don't and then Elmo's dad and then
they don't and then Elmo's job and then
they don't
so Jonah shows up and bill tries to save
the dumb bit and the toenails like good
night Wesley good work sleep well I'll
most likely kill you in the morning or
now
[Music]
they're billing don't get determined to
save the day
looking at tornado gonna update
cornfield ah
and then elbows dad and then they don't
and then elbows jab and then they don't
and then Elmo's dad and then they don't
and then elbows dot and then they don't
invent a couple of losing dose a dose of
junior dosing the third bill drives the
dodge right into the damn thing their
bills baby don't say the folktales that
don't nail to suck her balls and there's
a long chains skip and then they almost
died and then they do just plain they
don't oh look another family if it looks
exactly like her family because
everybody loves the same down here and
Billy Joe discussed a future and she's
like since we almost died and they were
didn't how'd you like a little flight
through my joke NATO perverts the end be
sure to like share subscribe for Joe
regular fix of Mel thank you to these
special patrons who donate ten dollars
or more every month to keep messing up
your favorite movies
Jennifer fee Mario star kiddin dissing
Chris old Dan W whiskey melissa s mie
Maria T Michelle W granny L Donna be
Michelle see David see fat cat Sylvia
and Kelly L for movies explain fall I'm
Jeb a dial
Shanno muffins shine on